# naijahsimon.github.io

The name of this project is "30-Minute Film Festival: Toast". It's a website to house the stop-motion film Jiho and I made in 30 minutes in class, featuring her Airpod case.
I strove to create a clean, sleek experience where the film would be the main focus of the site. I chose a simple black background and white text to maximize visibility and 
minimize distractions. I was inspired by the A24 studios website, with its small logo at the top center of every page, and content below it. It was difficult to implement my concept, trying to make sure all text was legible but not too boring. I had to upload my own fonts to get a professional, yet approachable font: Baskerville. 

I ran into many challenges that helped me learn a lot, but that were very frustrating to manage. My main issues were in website layout, positioning, and adding/resizing images/videos. I relied heavily on W3 Schools for tutorials on how to move blocks, resize them, and get them to lay on top of one another the way I wanted, but it was still very difficult. On a good note, I learned several ways to approach the same issue, like using floats vs positioning and using the video tag vs the iframe tag. The tough news is that I had to accept building a website that isn't as advanced as I would've liked, despite my best efforts. I know now where I need more help and practice, and I'm glad to say that I have a good grasp of the syntax used in html and css. Building the website was great hands-on practice.
